This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for:

DepressionAI Alexa Skill

 

This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this software. 

It will notify you of the following: 

What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared. 
 

What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data. 
 

The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information. 
 

How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. 
 

Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected by this skill. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via the use of this skill or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. 

We will use your information to respond to you within the skill session. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. with Amazon.

Your Access to and Control Over Information 
You may opt out of any future interactions from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by de-listing the Alexa skill from all of your devices.

Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the Alexa service, your information is protected both online and offline. 

While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. 

Updates 
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. 

If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via Github.
